NAS-103227: Advanced Replication: Indicate "Direction" no longer appe… (#1564)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/tasks.rst

   +===========================+===========+================+=================================================================================================================+
   | Name                      | All       | string         | Enter a descriptive :guilabel:`Name` for the replication. Replication Task names must be unique.                |
   +---------------------------+-----------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Direction                 | SSH, NCT, | drop-down menu | Direction of travel. *PUSH* sends snapshots to a destination system. *PULL* receives snapshots from a           |

>    |                           | LEG       |                | destination system. Choosing *PULL* requires entering a snapshot :guilabel:`Naming Schema` to identify the      |

Reviewer: By definition, the destination is not the source.
```suggestion
   |                           | LEG       |                | remote system. *PULL* requires a snapshot :guilabel:`Naming Schema` to identify the      |
```

   +===========================+===========+================+=================================================================================================================+
   | Name                      | All       | string         | Enter a descriptive :guilabel:`Name` for the replication. Replication Task names must be unique.                |
   +---------------------------+-----------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Direction                 | SSH, NCT, | drop-down menu | Direction of travel. *PUSH* sends snapshots to a :guilabel:`Target Dataset`. *PULL* receives snapshots from a   |

Reviewer: This just seems awkward to have two sentences starting with PULL. With "remote system" mentioned, we don't need the link to SSH connections.  Maybe:
```
*PULL* replicates snapshots identified by the :guilabel:`Naming Schema` from a remote system.
```
